   ######################################################################
   #######                                                        #######
   #######    See README.[version] file for recent information!   #######
   #######                                                        #######
   ######################################################################

This is the YAWC-BBS-CLient, originally the ISCA BBS Client.  All of the terms
stated by Serendipity are still valid, but Serendipity and the ISCA BBS have
nothing to do with this CLient-code anymore.  

Multi-sessions have been made: <CtrlB> <0-9> switches between the different
sessions, as defined in <C>onfig <C>lient <L>ocal <B>BS-hosts.

It does not support "multi-sessions" for VAX/VMS just yet.

Here follows the original README...

	-KHaglund
--------------------------------------------------

DWD says:

Wait a sec, I'll stick my bit of the README file in as well.

This CLient contains code, made GPL by the inclusion within this CLient,
from Thanatos BBS (a26.cc.umist.ac.uk).

It supports certain backwards compatible extensions. Currently, these are
only on Thanatos, AFAIK, but I'm sure (Sysops: HINT) that they'll be
supported elsewhere.

Notably, these include: ^An...^AN name marking, for use with X's (and
wholist) only. I don't think anyone'll support this in the wholist, but the
code manages it just in case... It'll handle the older ^D marking for
wholists, and the newer, crapper, \r marking, too...

Cursor support. If you've a flair for cursor support, you'd be welcome to
improve it... It works line-by-line ONLY. Up arrow moves to the beginning of
the line, Down to the end.

Killfiles should work with X's. I think. Not tested, though. There's not a
lot of point. Tab expansion works as usual, with the addition that if the
CLient can find the name of the sender of an X, it'll add that into it's TAB
list. Note that this requires the mammoth addition of ^An immediately before
the name, and ^AN after the name, by your Sysops. Nothing you can do except
complain and badger the Wizards of you favourite BBS to do it for you.

Of course, Thanatos does this anyway.

Also, there's provision, which Thanatos doesn't use, but may do later, to
use a special Mail recipient mode of getting usernames. This is backwards
compatible with the normal CLients, and is already used internally by
Thanatos on the telnet mode. It allows you to put in email addresses, since
Thanatos supports email.

Colours work, of course, as added in by MathFox, and then completely changed
by DWD. *grins* The switch is still there, of couse, to switch between BBS's
at startup by using -s #.

That's all, folks. Have fun, and report any bugs you find in this version
either on Thanatos or Monolith's CLient rooms.

DWD

--------------------------------------------------

Flint says:

hehe - here's my paragraph. ;)

Just wanted to say that this file is already pretty long, so see 
README.v[version] for more info.

--------------------------------------------------

Here it is, the long-awaited ISCA BBS client!   Here's what you need to know:

1)  I (the author of this client, Serendipity on the ISCA BBS) will not support
    this client in any way, shape or form, and will not respond to requests
    from people wanting help in compiling, porting, hacking, modifying, fixing,
    using, etc. this client.  I do not have that kind of time.  As it is it
    provides a lot of useful functionality and works on a fairly large number
    of machines, if it does not do what you want or does not run on the kind of
    machines you have access to, I'm sorry, but I can't help you.

2)  This client is useless without a machine running VMS or Unix connected to
    the Internet.  If you are running Unix on your PC at home you'll need SLIP,
    PPP, or some other form of software that will put your machine on the
    Internet.  The exception to this is if you are running the program 'term'.
    See the INSTALL.term file for more.

3)  This software is distributed under the terms of the GNU Software License.
    Copies of that license are available at the FSF's main FTP site,
    prep.ai.mit.edu.

4)  For instructions on how to compile and install this software, see the file
    called INSTALL.unix for Unix systems, INSTALL.vms for VMS systems, or
    INSTALL.term for term.

5)  Once you have the client compiled and installed, read the helpfile called
    Client on the BBS, which gives information on the various helpfiles
    available detailing how to use all the client features.  You can, however,
    just run the client in place of telnet and have everything work exactly the
    same way it used using telnet.
